christ not happy year
I know I missed it I'm sorry too
after a while I spent the holidays
with my family
quite fun
I noticed several things
I leave you and my brother coming out of falling
during this time really all the
year is normal within what is possible but
during December and January people were
Go crazy then I decided to move away
little crazy in the sense of strange opel
the clock like that exactly the same as
has been doing 400 years or I do not know when
they invented the clock 200 years ago and people
he decides to meet and start screaming what
same as he is doing we have a power
magical to start things over
when it's not like that we can start them
always because it's a human invention
look what you are doing the same as
this has always been going to meet us
next to the animated object and start
tell again the time is not but
let's cut a tree put it in
our house and put lights on it no no no
I have a better idea because no better
we make a cake and we put toys
dangerously small in the shape of a baby
and then we cut it and we play because
We do not ask for an inn, I have to aspire
congratulations, I heard you had a
baby and brought you think is already done
all
I brought you just what your baby needs
look
that believed in the wise men giving away
I incense it to the baby who was going to put a
spa or that a lady so ingrained that
When I cried, the tears came down.
jeep a question why are you still warned
Maria with a lot of time
anticipation that she was pregnant that is
he had nine months to find where to give birth
and right on the night when you're going to give
I'm looking for where and then I
they ask and they say it's a miracle that
born in a manger
no it's not a miracle it 's because Maria was
very disorganized but good
traditions are stupid but they make us
happy and for that is life to all
serve us the dates and put us a
date to start the diet a date
to meet certain goals then
that's what the New Year is for and if many
Sometimes we do not keep them following only
that you need to read stop calling the
turkish and see you well enough
for when you find yourself that's all
it's time for the shade of the teide
my purpose last year was to read a
book every month I got it let's tell
the books I read 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 when we had it
for 5 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 17 28
plus 2 that I left in my house
30 30 30 30 books in 2012 my
purpose this year is to overcome it by one
would be good to learn to dance is
horrible when they push you to the center of
circle and make you dance and you
you do not know how to do anything but dance like
Mr
It will be good to lose some weight in
all seen those comments people are
bad superficial people and you need
travel but if you remember nobody loves you
the 2012 I found many moments
in which you can leave the photo
see what you have around you the
people situations and appreciate it
so this 2013 I just want that other
time to be complete because I felt
complete in 2002 and just wants a
same year this year I can mentally leave you
see it as a painting and see what it is
perfect and I just want those moments
in short I like the normality that brings
January after 6 life becomes
normal within what fits because I
I'm smoking marijuana dogs eating
people and who knows what will happen this
year everything is bizarre all the time
if after the death there is place
Health apology will be undone it will be done
this pendeja has your blouse that does not
found and also one thing that
I want what happens this year is that
we connect a little more because sometimes
you if you forget that I am a
person and you're not commenting on a video
are you commenting to me
fucking na na na na na nada
so I just try to connect and
that you know that really what you say already
Sometimes you can hurt people that's
I just want to let you know this year
I wait in different videos and videos
same try to please you
and myself and that we are all
happy I want to remind you of the
benczúr tiana signal if we meet
in the street they have to make the signal
better tiana which is
ok subscribe to the favorite
to the travel channel the channel of the landmarks
Thank you
the future is on vacation so no
we are going to this disaster within a
week ok happy new year bai